Docs: Partial Prometheus Metrics List (#14487)
prometheus/prometheus: docs/metrics.md

## Prometheus Metrics

> ### List of Metrics Exported By Prometheus

Reviewer: As noted at https://github.com/prometheus/prometheus/issues/12397#issuecomment-2240879670, this should be caveated as a "Partial list" or similar.

Author: Hi @bboreham, you welcome!, I have caveated it as a Partial list with a new commit.

| prometheus_tsdb_compactions_total | counter  | Total number of compactions that were executed for the partition.                                                                                                                        |
| prometheus_tsdb_compactions_triggered_total | counter  | Total number of triggered compactions for the partition.                                                                                                                        |
| prometheus_tsdb_data_replay_duration_seconds | gauge  | Time taken to replay the data on disk.                                                                                                                        |
| prometheus_tsdb_exemplar_exemplars_appended_total | counter | Total number of appended exemplars.                                                                                                                        |
| prometheus_tsdb_exemplar_exemplars_in_storage | gauge | Number of exemplars currently in circular storage.                                                                                                                        |

> | prometheus_tsdb_exemplar_last_exemplars_timestamp_seconds | gauge | The timestamp of the oldest exemplar stored in circular storage. Useful to check for what timerange the current exemplar buffer limit allows. This usually means the last timestampfor all exemplars for a typical setup. This is not true though if one of the series timestamp is in future compared to rest series.                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: This is a bug in the source; even better if you fix that.

```suggestion
| prometheus_tsdb_exemplar_last_exemplars_timestamp_seconds | gauge | The timestamp of the oldest exemplar stored in circular storage. Useful to check for what time range the current exemplar buffer limit allows. This usually means the last timestamp for all exemplars for a typical setup. This is not true though if one of the series timestamp is in future compared to rest series.                                                                                                                        |
```

Author: I have resolved it with the new commit.

Reviewer: Thanks; are you going to do the Go source?

Author: I have no idea of the Go source metrics; could you expantiate more on it?
